Add quick links section to main README (#240)
hyperledger/fabric-x: README.md

Fabric-X proves that permissioned DLTs can be engineered for national-scale payment systems, providing a resilient and highly performant foundation for practical digital assets and currencies deployments and the integration of advanced, computationally intensive features.

> ## Quick navigation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Quick Navigation
```

> - [Architecture Overview](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-x#architecture-overview) - diagrams and description of the Fabric-X

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: For new comers, I see this link important.

Reviewer: they just need to scroll down 5cm to see it ... probably you can see it already. Maybe if we just rename the section from `Quick navigation` to `Ecosystem` that makes it more clear that find links that take you somewhere else in the fabric-x ecosystem.

> - [Fabric-X-Orderer](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-x-orderer) - is a BFT orderer service which implements ARMA protocol. [Docs](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-x-orderer/tree/main/docs), [Issue your BFT](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-x-orderer/issues)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Fabric-X-Orderer](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-x-orderer) - is a BFT orderer service which implements ARMA protocol. [Docs](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-x-orderer/tree/main/docs), [Issues](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-x-orderer/issues)
```

> - [Fabric-X-Committer](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-x-commiter) - is a post‑ordering transaction processing system built as microservices. [Docs](https://hyperledger.github.io/fabric-x-committer/), [Let's perform together](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-x-committer/issues)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Fabric-X-Committer](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-x-committer) - is a post‑ordering transaction processing system built as microservices. [Docs](https://hyperledger.github.io/fabric-x-committer/), [Issues](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-x-committer/issues)
```

> - [Fabric-X-Samples](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-x-samples) - is the official home repository for sample applications built on top of Hyperledger Fabric-X. [Add new samples](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-x-samples/issues)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Fabric-X-Samples](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-x-samples) - is the official home repository for sample applications built on top of Hyperledger Fabric-X.
```

> - [Fabric-X-EVM](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-x-evm) - makes Hyperledger Fabric-x (and Fabric) compatible with the Ethereum ecosystem. [Design](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-x-evm/blob/main/docs/ARCHITECTURE.md), [EVM Fabric-X further](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-x-evm/issues)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Fabric-X-EVM](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-x-evm) - makes Hyperledger Fabric-x (and Fabric) compatible with the Ethereum ecosystem. [Docs](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-x-evm/blob/main/docs/ARCHITECTURE.md), [Issues](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-x-evm/issues)
```

> - [Fabric-X Ansible](https://github.com/LF-Decentralized-Trust-labs/fabric-x-ansible-collection) - is an Ansible collection which can be used to deploy a Hyperledger Fabric-X network locally, on Kubernetes, or across multiple nodes. [Docs](https://lf-decentralized-trust-labs.github.io/fabric-x-ansible-collection/), [Continue automating with us](https://github.com/LF-Decentralized-Trust-labs/fabric-x-ansible-collection/issues)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Fabric-X Ansible](https://github.com/LF-Decentralized-Trust-labs/fabric-x-ansible-collection) - is an Ansible collection for deploying Fabric-X. [Docs](https://lf-decentralized-trust-labs.github.io/fabric-x-ansible-collection/), [Issues](https://github.com/LF-Decentralized-Trust-labs/fabric-x-ansible-collection/issues)
```

Author: Can you change it please to `is an Ansible collection for deploying Fabric-X` ?

> - [Workshop series](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-x#fabric-x-workshop-series) and [useful links](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-x#useful-links)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Coming soon

- [x] [Sample token application on top of Fabric-X](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-x-samples)

> - [X] [Fabric-X on Kubernetes](https://github.com/LF-Decentralized-Trust-labs/fabric-x-ansible-collection/blob/main/examples/README.md#kubernetes-inventories)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [x] [Fabric-X on Kubernetes](https://github.com/LF-Decentralized-Trust-labs/fabric-x-ansible-collection/blob/main/examples/README.md#kubernetes-inventories)
```
